I want to create a python service using flask. Which will have an ui to take some information using form.(you can suggest if it suits fine or you think if something will be appropriate)

Ui will have a generate yaml and reset form button.
Generate yaml button should generate the yaml and download it. And reset btn should reset the form.

Form should have..
Service name field - where user can put his service name. And the yaml file should be name as servicename.yaml

ApiName field - and beside this a addApi button should be there, which will add another api field upon clicking. Each api has below mentioned field. So all the below field also  should show for api 2 once clicked the add button.
After creating the 2nd api fileds there should be a remove button. Upon pressing it will remove the 2nd api.

Header field - for each api a add header button should be there, upon clicking it should show to field for key and value. One api can have many header.
There should be a remove header button, it will activate when there is one or more header present for each of them.

Method - for each api it should be there,  it should be a drop down menu, which will have the crude operation like post put, etc

Payload field- for each api it should be there it can be blank or user can put some string here in json xml or text format

Status code field: this should have a default value as 200, user can also provide other values as well, this also should be for each api.

Full url- user should provide the full api url in this field.

Repeat: for each api user need to provide an int, default value 1

Extract- in ui there should be a  text extract prameter from and a drop down menu, with two option header and body. Upon selecting one it should show two field for key and value.
And beside that it should have add extractor button which will add the same text and dropdown menu and selecting one will show two field, so user can add any number of  extractor for each api, under body or header. And add a remove button also.

Before generating the yaml python app should validate and show proper  errors if any issues.

Yaml format-
ServiceName.yaml
api_taste:

api_name: apivalue
headers:
headerKey: value
headerkey: value
method: value
payload: value
status_code: value
url: value
repeat: value
extract:
header:
key: value
key: value
body:
key: value

api_name: api2value
......


